Add EIP: Move committee index outside Attestation (#7944)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-7549.md

1. LMD GHOST vote `(beacon_block_root, slot)`. Note: includes slot in the event (block, slot) voting is adopted.
2. FFG vote `(source, target)`
3. Committee index `(index)`

Signing over the 3rd item causes tuples of equal votes to produce different signing roots. If the committee index is moved outside of the Attestation message the minimum number of attestations to verify to reach a 2/3 threshold is reduced to `ceil(32 * 2/3) = 22` (a factor of 62).

## Specification

### Execution layer

This requires no changes to the Execution Layer.

### Consensus layer

- Move `index` field from `AttestationData` to `Attestation`

The full specification of the proposed change can be found in [`/specs/_features/eip7549/beacon-chain.md`](https://github.com/ethereum/consensus-specs/blob/bcead2ff59048dba859c7eb4b62389f0e9168ef8/specs/_features/eip7549/beacon-chain.md).

## Rationale

### Deprecation strategy

The `index` field in `AttestationData` can be deprecated by:

1. Removing the field 
2. Preserving the field and setting it to be zero

> 3. Changing the field type to Optional (from EIP7495 StableContainer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Changing the field type to Optional (from EIP-7495 StableContainer)
```
`EIP-N` (not `EIPN` or `EIP N`)

Author: When using the dash notation, a linker requested me to link the EIP. How can I do that? Using the full URL returned another linter error

> 3. Changing the field type to Optional (from EIP7495 StableContainer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Changing the field type to Optional (from [EIP-7495](./eip-7495.md) StableContainer)
```
Sorry, I think the syntax is as above.
